[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> OK.
Good evening.
Thank you.
Well, afternoon.
I went to bed early, so
for me, it's the evening.
So OK so, I want to get
started with you guys.
I want to tell you a little
bit about what it is that I do.
And I also want to give you
three tips about connecting
with loved ones based on things
that I've learned that people
struggle with, misconceptions
that people have.
I'll tell you a
little bit about me.
And then the rest
of the time, I'm
just going to spend time
doing readings and just
picking people that
would like a reading
and see what comes through
for them and stuff.
OK?
So and what I am
going to do also
is I'm going to pass
around this notebook.
And if you could just throw
your email address in there,
I'm going to send
you a free gift.
It's actually an
MP3 of a meditation
that I have that's
in my voice and it's
for you to connect
with your loved ones.
I'm also going to
pick one person
to get a short session with me.
So if you want to
put your email.
I put the pen in where
to start, just put
your email address down.
And then I will send
you your free gift.
And you can just kind
of pass that around.
So you don't have to don't
waste your time putting
like your name or anything.
I just need your email address.
So and I will, if
it's OK with you,
I will add your email
to my newsletter.
So if you don't
want that, then just
don't throw your
email down there.
OK, so and following
this also, right at 1:30
when we wrap up here, I am
going to have a book signing.
Some people were coming up to me
asking about copies of my book.
So I did bring some
copies of my book.
And I will be there.
It's just down the
hall in the four way.
So you can kind of find
where I'm going to be.
I'm going to be there for
a little bit after this
if you'd like to join me.
So I want to tell you
a little bit about me,
and then I want to
give you, like I said,
three practical tips.
And then I also want
to just get right
into the readings and stuff.
So my work is really
focused on mediumship,
evidential mediumship, which
is me opening myself up
as a recipient and as a
channel to receiving messages
from loved ones, OK, so people
that have passed away that
want to communicate with you.
And oftentimes, these are
people that you were close to.
They could be friends,
family members.
I even do pick up
messages from people's
pets, dogs, cats, other pets I
guess too, but not as common.
But my focus is
really on mediumship
and connecting with the
spirit world in that way.
I also work psychically
with people and work
with people's energy.
So basically, as we're all
here, we all see, everybody
sees everybody's physical body.
But I can also see
the energy body.
I can see your aura,
things like that.
And I use that
ability to perceive
those things to give guidance
and insight about past,
present, future.
But in the last
five years, my work
has really become a little bit
more focused on the mediumship.
And that's what I teach about.
And I really teach people how
to communicate with your loved
ones, how to make that
a two-way conversation,
how to enhance the
connection that we all have.
So because what I tell people
in my workshops and in my events
and my readings is
everybody is a medium.
You don't need to
go and see a medium
to speak with your loved ones.
I usually tell people
that after they've
paid for their sessions.
But just to tell you
that is that everybody
has that real connection.
Now all kidding
aside, there is just
the experience of having
a medium work with you.
We all need a little help,
guidance, experts to help us.
You know?
It's just like
when we're focusing
on our physical fitness, right?
It's very important
our own commitment
to that and the things that
we do in our daily life.
But you also might work
with a dietician or a health
coach or a personal trainer.
Those people are there to
help and aid in the connection
and make it go a
little bit deeper.
So that's really what
my work as a medium is.
When people come to
me, it's for them
to receive a session of
communicating with their loved
ones.
And you'll see that
happen here today
when I bring through
messages from loved ones.
So I actually have had
this ability basically
since I was born.
So I don't really
have any recollection
of not having this.
I've always had this ability.
I believe I was born this way.
And like I said, we all
have it in us to an extent.
Just it matters how
much we open up to it
or how much we trust it.
And we'll talk about
that in a little bit
before we get into the readings.
But I was basically
born this way.
And nobody in my family had any
sort of connection with this.
So it wasn't like I grew up in
a family where people talked
about psychics or mediums.
I grew up in a very
traditional sort
of conservative Irish
Catholic type of family.
I always jokingly say I grew
up in a town called Plainville.
So you can imagine
what that was like.
So basically, this
wasn't something
that was talked about.
I had never heard the
word psychic or medium.
And everybody has
different paths to this.
But my path was such
that I didn't have that.
And what was interesting
is as I began
to share these impressions,
these visitations,
mostly around my grandfather
who was visiting me,
who I never knew in life, and
he was visiting me and giving me
messages to give to my relatives
and especially my mom and dad.
And this was very
scary for my family.
They thought, you know
especially my parents,
I mean, they thought that
something was wrong with me.
They did not understand this.
They had no context
to put it in.
And basically, the
family that I grew up in,
it wasn't like a
supportive environment
for this type of thing.
And it was even
to the point where
it would make my dad angry,
and he would become violent.
And it was like a very
unsafe place to grow up.
So by the time I was
six or seven years old,
I really learned
that, well, I can't
talk about this, because
there's no way for me to.
Every time I'd talk about
it, there's screaming.
There's fighting.
There's arguing.
So I kind of shut it off.
That's not to say I didn't
have those experiences still,
because I did.
But I just chose
to not share them.
And this is one of
those things where
the more you do foster the
connection with the spirit
world, the more it enhances and
it does kind of build on that.
So if you really kind of
focusing on tuning it out,
it's not going to
develop as strongly as it
would if you practiced with it.
So it really kind
of did dim for me.
And I never thought when I
was going through my life
that I was going to be a
psychic or a medium or anything.
It wasn't even in my
language of thinking.
And so, that was
how my life was.
And then I ended up
graduating from high school.
I went to college.
I went to the
University of Chicago.
And I was studying premed.
And I was on this whole
other path in life.
And I started to become more
just aware of myself, things
that I wanted to
develop in myself,
who I was as a person,
my personal beliefs,
things like that.
And this was a part of myself
that I felt like maybe I should
deal with this a little bit.
Maybe I need to
understand this more.
Felt like it continued
to come up and stuff.
And so basically,
what happened for me
is that I started to take
just little things like I
would take meditation workshops,
just dabbling in things.
And I still was not really-- and
I also I wanted to really see,
is this a real thing?
And I started to
read books about it.
But again, never really
pursuing it at all.
And it basically
was to the point
where it was still very
overwhelming to me.
And it's interesting,
because I feel
like, I get so many questions
from people that say,
I feel like I'm
supposed to have gifts.
I have gifts.
How do I develop them?
How do I know if I'm
supposed to develop them?
And I always kind of
jokingly say, you know,
the spirit world, they're
kind of like the mafia.
If they want to recruit
you in, you will not really
have a choice in the matter.
So they will
basically, these doors
will continue to open for you.
And it was like me.
I'm probably the prime example.
I did everything
in my human power
to run the opposite
direction from God.
I went to the most atheist
school for college.
I was on a premed track.
I did every profession
possible between 21 and 24
to develop in other areas.
I was in research departments.
I worked at Yale University
for a year and a half,
actually, doing
neuroscience research.
I worked in restaurants.
I worked in bars.
I worked in nightclubs.
I was actually a drag queen
for a year, believe it or not.
So I know.
I haven't dabbled
in that in a while.
So I basically was pursuing
anything humanly possible
to not develop my gift.
And this still opened up for me.
And the reason is, as you
know, and obviously, it's
not in everybody's path
or destiny or purpose
to be a medium or
to be an intuitive
or anything like that.
But we all have
gifts to develop.
And I think the
moral of the story
is I think one thing
for me that I learned
is that I have a whole team of
people that want to support me
in developing this.
I have my angels.
I have my ancestors, my
guides, my spirit guides,
my loved ones in spirit.
And they are your team to
help you and to develop this.
So just know that
even if you you're
in a relationship and
your partner is like,
well, I don't know
about any of that,
or you can't find
like-minded people,
just know that we
all have a team.
And you're always
being divinely guided.
And so at an eventual
point, I started
to dabble and get
readings myself.
And I would get this
recurring message.
That's another thing
with the spirit world.
They will continue
to send that message
through until you hear it.
And I got told so
many times, you're
supposed to do this work.
You're supposed to be.
And so I just over time
kept getting led to,
OK, this is what
I'm supposed to do.
So I want to give you guys for
your own path of connecting
with loved ones, because I
would imagine that, like I said,
that's my focus.
And I imagine a lot of
people have questions
about their own loved ones.
How can they connect
with their loved ones?
How do they know if
they're receiving
a message from a loved one?
Dreams, signs, feeling
their loved ones around.
They don't feel their
loved ones around.
How come they don't?
All these various questions
that get asked to me.
So there's three things.
And I can probably give you 20,
but I decided to keep it brief.
So I came up with three
things that can really
help you to think about and
you can kind of translate these
into little tips to
make a deeper connection
with your loved ones.
Like I said, we all have
loved ones and spirit guides.
But I'm talking about
loved ones, people
that we had a
relationship with here,
even people that we
didn't know here.
There might be people
here in the audience
that didn't know their family.
Maybe they didn't know
their biological family,
things like that.
Those people can still
be connected to us.
So one tip and one thing
I find is do not compare
your experience with your
loved ones to other people's.
Because I have this happen a
lot where people will say, well,
so-and-so, she always
gets this type of dream.
Or my friend so-and-so, she
gets pennies all the time
from her husband.
Just know that the communication
between our loved ones and you
is unique to every relationship.
So you're not going to
have the same experience
that somebody else may have.
Your communications
may be differently.
It may be through your thoughts.
It may be through just
through a feeling.
So it's always interesting
to hear about experiences.
But don't compare in that way.
Don't make it that, well,
you're not getting that.
Because by doing that,
you're really shutting down
the communication.
And you're really limiting the
potential for the loved one
to communicate in the
way that they choose
and the way that they want
to communicate with you.
So that would be one thing.
The second thing I would tell
you that's really important
is to be available
to the spirit world.
OK?
You need to be available
to have this relationship.
OK?
We live in a world where
there's constant distraction.
We're constantly distracted by
technology, by this, by that,
by just the demands of our
society that we live in.
And we're here trying to have
this physical body existence.
And sometimes it gets
very distracting.
And sometimes it's
hard for those
loved ones in spirit that
are on this higher vibration
to come through.
But you need to be available.
You also by being
available, you need
to understand that
the way people connect
with us in the
spiritual world can
and will often be different
than how they communicated
and connected with us here.
For example, OK, my
dad, for example,
passed away a few months ago.
I was not close to him.
I didn't speak to him for the
last 15, 20 years of his life.
And he was not a
good person in life.
He died alone in a prison
cell in Massachusetts.
And we hadn't talked to
him in 15 or 20 years.
Since he's gone to
the spirit world,
he has come through in
so many different ways.
I have gotten countless
messages from him.
My friends who are
mediums are like, OK,
your dad's contacting me now.
It's interesting.
He's more present now than
he was when he was here.
And what you need to
understand is that does happen.
OK?
That does happen.
So when I read for
somebody, and somebody
is like, well, I don't
really, you know, that person,
I didn't like them here.
Just know that they're stepping
forward and coming through,
and it doesn't take away
the pain of the situation.
It doesn't take away
the sadness or the
what could have been
in that relationship
in the physical world.
But just know that
there is the potential
for growth and evolution
on the other side.
People just don't stay
in their stagnant energy
that they were here.
They grow.
They learn.
They evolve.
That's the point of
going to the other side.
So you need to be
open to that in order
to communicate and
connect with those
who want to come through to you
and want to connect with you.
You need to understand
that that relationship can
shift and change.
But like I said, be
available, meditation,
prayer, asking your loved
ones to be with you, being
open to signs and symbols.
If your energy is very
chaotic, and sort of you know,
it is going to repel your
loved ones to connect with you.
OK?
So like I said, don't compare.
Be available.
And then the third thing
is also have faith.
And what I mean by this is it's
very easy, even for the most,
I assume by
everybody being here,
you probably are very
open minded people.
You probably are believers
in this type of thing,
or most of you are.
You're probably more open
minded than the average group
that I talk in front of.
That being said, OK, you need
to understand that we all
have a natural skepticism,
a natural mindset that we
can slip into.
And it's really, really
important that, I mean,
I do this work for a
living, and sometimes
I second guess myself.
Sometimes I question myself.
Sometimes I think about, OK,
is this in my imagination
or is this real?
So just know when you're
connecting with your loved
ones, when you're
on this path, you're
going to have those moments
of doubting yourself.
You're going to have
those moments of, well,
I don't really know if
these people are really.
Are they really still
connecting to me?
Is this in my mind?
Is this in my imagination?
You're going to have
those natural doubts.
So what I would say is
try to have faith though.
Try to keep yourself open
in your heart chakra area.
Try to just be open, because
there's that gravitational pull
of the energy of
the world that's
going to try to pull you
back to the mindset of being
a little bit more closed.
That's going to
happen all the time.
I have this happen a lot when
I do readings for people.
People will have
an hour reading.
They feel like they've gotten
a lot of clarity, guidance,
insight.
They feel very connected
to their loved ones.
They feel like they're
on the right path.
They feel lighter.
They go back out.
In a couple of weeks,
they're off their path again.
They start to question things.
So you have to, it's
your job in your energy
to hold that vibration and to
really hold that and keep that
up there.
OK?
So we're going to get
started with some readings,
and basically we'll do that
the rest of the time together.
So I'm going to tell you
a little bit about how
it is that I read.
And then what we'll do is
we'll set an intention.
And then we will
connect with loved ones.
We'll start to bring
things through.
So what's going to
happen here in a second
is I'm going to open myself
up to the spirit world.
And I'm going to ask
them to step forward.
them to be with us here.
And I'm going to ask them to
identify themselves and bring
through messages.
OK?
In the interest of
time, this is not
going to be a private
reading for you.
It's going to be a
message, and then I'm
going to move on
to the next person.
Because I'd like to get through
several people rather than one
person.
So just know if I leave
you, if I shift from you,
I could even maybe
come back to you.
The other thing is please listen
and validate the information.
So for example-- was that a
little cat that walked by?
What was that?
Oh, a dog.
OK.
I was like, am I already
seeing dead things?
OK.
So that's fine.
OK, good.
So anyways.
So when I'm connecting and
when I'm seeing things,
I'm going to, like I said,
I'll make a connection.
I'll move on.
The biggest thing
that I can tell
you is take a deep
breath, relax,
and just please for the
interest of everybody
here, if you recognize
the information
and it really resonates
and I say five things,
and you can take
definitely four of them
and maybe the fifth,
please let me know,
because we want to
make these connections.
The other thing is so I need
to know where I am with this.
A lot of times, I will know
exactly in the room where I am.
I may not though.
So just listen.
Hear the information.
And if you can validate
it, please let me know.
Because that way, we can make
the connection and go forward.
It it's always kind of,
when people just like,
I don't know what it is,
they get scared or nervous.
But it's like I'm saying things,
and it's clearly their loved
one, and they're looking at me
like I just landed a spaceship
in the middle of the room.
And I'm like, I
don't understand it,
because you came here
to talk to dead people.
So that is what
is going on here.
And so that's what
we're here to do.
So unless you're in the
wrong room or something,
this is what's going on here.
So these messages
that come through,
there's always going to be
one or two things that you
might not be able to take.
But you should be able
to take the primary part
of the reading.
OK?
The other thing I
want to tell you
too is, when I'm
delivering a message,
on the flip side
of it, I know it's
like everybody wants a message.
Try to not-- we can't
make things work.
OK?
We can't have dead
women become dead men.
We can't have fathers become
your great uncle's neighbors
cat.
That's not it.
So we have to really stick
with the information that's
come through.
So if I say I've got a
mother figure coming through,
and this is her name,
and this is what she did,
then that's what it has to be.
We can't say, well,
that wasn't my mother.
It was my neighbor.
That's not what we're
connecting with here.
So just really listen
through the information,
really hear the
things, and we'll
try to validate things
and get the messages
and move on to the next person.
OK?
So I'd like everybody, let's
kind of set a little intention
here in the room.
So let's have everybody close
their eyes and take a couple
deep breaths.
Bring yourself to
a peaceful place.
Relax.
Now's a great time to take
a couple deep breaths.
Again relax.
OK, so I'd like you to bring
yourself to a peaceful place.
This can be a place
that's real or imagined,
but really bring yourself
into a peaceful place.
And when you're in
this peaceful place,
invite in those in spirit
that you'd like to connect to.
OK, so maybe
there's a loved one.
Maybe you're going
through a situation
and you need guidance on it.
Now's a great time to
just put that out there.
Take a deep breath in.
OK.
Let's have a good
thought for everybody
here that people hear from
who they need to hear from.
OK.
And when you're ready, you can
come back here into the room.
OK.
So we're going to get started.
We do have that second
microphone, right?
We can-- OK, great.
So this lady will come through.
And she'll bring the microphone
to you as I make a connection.
So I have three
people coming through.
And what I kind of feel like
is first one we link in with,
we'll do that.
And then I'll go to the
next two people after that.
OK?
So I want to just
say first off is I
a very strong
connection, I believe
this is somebody's
husband as I'm
connecting with this person.
I want to put this in
the realm of husband,
could be fiance, boyfriend.
It's somebody that is a
relationship person that's
coming through, male energy.
When I'm connecting with this
person also I want to say,
I think I'm hearing
the name Marsha.
OK?
Marsha, Marsha, I
keep hearing that.
I felt like maybe this is
who this person's trying
to contact.
You're already
raising your hand?
>> My name's Marcia, but a
lot of people call me Marsha.
Is your husband passed?
Come down here, please, because
I can get more validations
and then we can say.
Could very much be for you.
You can stay in your seat, dear.
Yeah.
So hold on one second,
because I'm not sure
if I'm with you just
yet, but it kind of feels
like there could be something.
Hold on one second.
OK.
I also want to say
to you, can you
connect with a father
in spirit that's
showing me Christmas December?
There's a birthday
or anniversary
has to do with December.
I feel like this is-- yeah,
speak into the mic, dear.
>> Yes.
>> OK.
So and is this your
father, because I
feel your dad's coming
through and showing me
December, December, Christmas.
Does that make sense?
>> Yes.
My dad died the day
after Christmas.
>> OK.
So I feel this is his
way of coming through.
I'm going to work on
the energy a little bit.
But I feel like this is dad
and then also your husband.
So hold on one second.
So your husband is showing
me a tremendous amount
of confusion in his mind
prior to his passing.
He wants to give me the
feeling of either Alzheimer's
or dementia.
Do you understand?
>> Yeah.
He had dementia.
>> OK.
This is how he's
coming through to me.
And he wants you
to know that where
he's at in the spirit world,
he doesn't have that anymore.
He doesn't have that anymore.
And he's actually talking about
you very much being a caretaker
for him, taking care of him.
He wants to just send
appreciation to you for this.
So did you sort of take care
of him prior to his passing?
Were you taking care of him?
>> Yeah.
I took care of him at
home for eight years.
>> OK.
So he just wants
to validate that.
And I feel like he's bringing
through just gratitude.
But he wants to talk
about also, this
is another thing I'm
hearing, he wants
to talk about being with
you in your physical life
even though you
guys are separated.
So he's letting me know to tell
you even though he's in spirit,
and you're in the
physical world,
he's still very much
connected to you.
How do you connect to
the trip to Arizona?
>> I just got back from there.
>> OK.
So he's again, he's probably
just saying, I'm with you.
Like I said, he's talking
about, like I said,
the message was,
I want you to know
that even though I'm
in the physical world,
I still am connected to you.
Even though I'm in
the spirit world,
I'm still connected to your
life in the physical world.
He's also talking about
a period of misdiagnosis
prior to his illness.
So I feel like there must have
been things where we weren't
quite sure what was going on.
He's talking about being
fatigued, being sleepy,
like you knew something
was different,
but you didn't know specifically
what was wrong with him.
And then it kind of
got to this place.
But that's what he's showing me.
Does that make sense to you?
>> Oh, yeah.
He slept all the time.
>> Right.
>> Years before
he was diagnosed.
>> Right.
Because he's kind of showing
me some of this, who knows,
may have been starting to
develop in his body and things
like that.
I want to talk about this also
as I'm connecting with this.
And like I said, it's
very possible you may not
understand everything.
But you're doing a
great job so far.
I do want to talk about the
multiple military branches
connected to one person.
So I want to say it's like
I almost feel like this
is coming through from dad.
But I definitely want to
bring through military stuff
with your father.
But I want to talk about did
he serve in I don't know.
Did he?
>> Yeah, he was in the
Navy and the Air Force.
>> OK.
This is the way
he's coming through.
But I want to say he's
actually a spirit that I feel
is he's very protective of you.
He watches over you a lot.
I feel both of these
gentlemen really do.
I just want to tell you too,
because they are telling me
this, they're
communicating to me
that there's just been a lot
of, the last couple of years
have really not
been easy for you.
And I feel like they're
talking about just
you're adjusting with things.
And I just want you to know
that in the spirit world,
there's a tremendous amount
of pride from your husband
and from your father that they
really want to say to you,
you're doing a good job.
You're doing it.
We know it's not
easy all the time,
but you are doing a good job.
Hold on one second.
Can I tell you when I'm
connecting here also?
I'm not really good with breeds.
But there's just a
couple more things here.
There is a larger dog
with your husband.
So did you guys have
a large black dog?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
>> We did.
Australian shepherd.
>> OK.
Because I see a large black
dog with your husband.
And I just want to tell you
this came through to me,
and it's almost like I feel
if you don't connect with it,
it's OK.
It could be, but
I don't know why.
Your husband keeps showing
me the movie "Shrek."
I don't know why.
Is there a reason?
Did he like that movie, or
does it mean something to you?
>> No, not really.
>> OK.
So for some reason, I'm seeing
that green, that Shrek guy.
So I'm not really sure.
Again, it's sometimes
the information
comes through so fast,
and it could be something
that you could make sense of
later or something like that.
So just put that away.
I feel like so many
other things that you
connected with that make sense.
>> I'll go watch it.
>> Yeah.
Right.
So I just want to say
though, but yeah, I
want to talk about this too.
Can you take this
with your husband
that he's talking about
new friends in your life?
Are you trying to make new
friends, new connections,
or reconnecting
with old friends?
Does that make sense to you?
>> I'm trying to make
a lot of new friends.
>> New friends, yeah.
So I just want to
say, because he's
talking about how much time
and energy was spent with this,
so I want to say when
I'm connecting with him,
he's letting me know
that he's allowing.
We have our own free
will and our own path
that we need to deal with.
But I want to say he's
telling me that he's allowing,
he's trying to guide you toward,
not allowing, that's not really
the right word, but
he's trying to guide you
toward those
opportunities, guide you
towards people that
you can connect with,
people that you can trust.
Because I feel like he
wants this for you so.
OK, so that feels
that I got that.
Thank you very much.
Let's everybody give
her a round of applause.
That was very nice.
And that she was
the first person.
Let's just move real quick,
because I want to just--
can I ask you as I'm
connecting with you,
do you have the
brother in spirit?
Because I don't think, your
brother isn't passed here,
is he?
Back with you.
>> Me?
I don't have any brothers.
>> Yeah.
See, I kind of thought
maybe I was leaving you.
So that kind of made me
feel like I'm leaving you.
OK.
Hold on one second.
So I've got two
brothers coming through.
They're not for the
same person though.
But there are two
brother energies.
And a lot of times,
parallel people,
they'll come through together.
So we got to find
kind of both these.
If we find one,
we'll go with that.
And then we'll go
to the next person.
So I have a brother
that's coming
through that had a
tremendous difficulty walking
at the end of his life.
I almost wanted to say
I feel with this man
that he had maybe like
Parkinson's or maybe something
like an almost like a
neurobiological thing
where he couldn't really walk.
I know that his walking
was very limited.
And then I have another
gentleman that I want to link,
I think I want to link
this person in this sort
of middle section here.
So let's just go back
there one second.
Now we've got another person's
brother coming through.
I just I do feel like I know I'm
towards the back with this guy.
So I've got another
person's brother.
I think this gentleman
died with a heart attack.
Well, it could be this.
I don't know.
But I'm let me just see here.
John?
John.
Yes, dear?
Do you have John?
OK.
Do you have the brother, though?
>> Yes.
>> OK, perfect.
So but this you
weren't the person
I was getting with the
neurobiological thing.
>> No.
>> That maybe could
be for you guys.
OK.
And you guys are kind of
sitting near each other.
So let's do you.
And then since we're already
with you, if we are with you,
it feels like we are, and
then we'll do the next person.
So interesting.
OK.
I want to just say as I'm
here too, I'm aware of also,
I'm just going to
stay with yeah.
Let's just stay with this.
OK.
So did your brother
have heart issues?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
OK.
Because I'm getting
like there was either
like an obstruction in the
heart or he had heart issues.
OK.
Hold on one second.
Would you understand him
talking about a family of three?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
Because he's talking
about a family of three.
I don't know if this means
you guys are one of three.
>> Yes.
>> But he's talking
about a family of three.
>> Yes.
>> Hold on one second.
There's a second man coming in.
>> Yes.
>> So I don't know
who this person is,
but there's a second man.
I think maybe the reason I went
to you is because of a husband.
>> Yes.
>> OK.
>> And I have a lot of
things that resonate.
>> OK, yeah.
So sometimes there
is a parallel thing.
I have to tell
you there's always
themes when I do this stuff.
So there are for
some reason a lot
of, which is kind of unusual, a
lot of significant others here,
so her, yours.
There is another one
that I'm aware of too
that I'm going to want to
connect with at some point
soon.
That will probably
be my next reading.
So I want you to know
there's somebody else.
There's another
significant person
here too that I'm getting,
a lover, husband, husband.
Yeah, this person's a husband.
So I've got your
husband, and then we've
got this other woman's
husband that I'm not
going to put with you
because not your husband.
So your husband's come through.
I'm just kind of
building up, because I'm
going to go into the next
stage of what they're here
to talk about.
But do you understand
about the two daughters?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
>> Our two daughters.
>> With your husband?
>> Yes.
>> Oh, perfect.
OK.
So we're connecting
good with him.
Now would you also
understand with your husband
that I feel very much in
the physical world and then
a very quick passing.
>> Yes.
>> OK.
Do you understand broken
bones when he passes or broken
I don't know a broken bone?
>> He lacerated his spleen.
>> OK.
Because I felt like there
was some sort of impact,
like a falling thing.
And then I felt like it's
like something cracked
or something snapped.
>> Yes.
>> But he is talking about
falling or something.
>> He fell off of a horse.
>> Yeah.
Because I feel like
something is like, you know,
that's what I'm getting.
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
So he's here too.
Hold on one second.
He's laughing
because he said, it
was kind of like you had
three kids with him included.
>> Yes.
>> OK.
>> Yeah.
>> He said, you really you
technically had two daughters
and a grown up boy.
>> Yep.
>> I feel like he's showing
me that part of the reason you
were really drawn to him is
because he was fun and he had
kind of an outgoing personality.
But I do get a sense, and he's
acknowledging this, a sense
of frustration with him.
He's giving me the
feeling that, I almost
feel like there could be
like an alcoholism thing.
>> Yes.
He was an alcoholic.
>> Yeah.
Because he's showing me
like that side of things
was like it's very painful
for you to deal with
and the over and the over.
And he's showing me
the alcoholism thing.
>> Yes.
>> I can sense at his heart
center and at a soul level,
he's a very good person.
>> Yes.
>> And I know that he loved you.
But he does show me that this
illness really got in the way.
>> Yes.
>> And he's even telling
me towards the end,
you were getting to the point
of, OK, if this doesn't change,
we're going to have to
make some big changes.
You know what I'm saying?
>> Yes, I was divorcing him.
>> Yeah.
OK.
So he's just he is
bringing that through.
But I have to tell you,
when I connect with him,
do you understand the
financial confusion prior?
I don't know.
I almost feel like
did his passing cause,
or is this more your brother?
>> That's my brother,
the financial.
>> Yeah.
Because I feel like
somebody is talking
about financial confusion.
>> That's my brother.
>> So when your brother passes,
it's almost like there were
things you were supposed
to get financially.
>> Yes.
My sister was the trustee.
>> Yeah.
There's financial disputes.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah.
That must be more
your brother then.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
Because he's making
me feel, it's
interesting with your brother,
because I feel with him when
I connect with him,
I don't know if he's
older than you or
younger than you,
but he feels very
protective of you.
>> Yes.
>> Like he would be the type
that would always checking
in on you, always
making sure, you OK?
Things like that.
>> Older brother, and I
didn't grow up with my dad.
>> Yeah.
And it's funny, because
he's coming through
and he's got a wad
of cash in his hand.
>> Yep.
>> Like I feel like he's
like, here, take $100.
You know, or
something like that?
Do you understand?
>> Yeah.
He helped everybody.
He's just got that personality.
You know?
>> Yeah.
>> Hold on one second.
He's laughing.
He said, it's party time.
>> Woo hoo.
>> I feel with him--
hold on one second.
I do want to bring
this through too.
Hold on.
I got the two men
coming through.
Hold on one second.
They're making me
feel that there's
a lot of stress around you.
Hold on one second.
And do you have Thomas?
>> That's my husband.
>> OK.
I'm hearing Thomas,
Thomas, Thomas.
So they're talking
about this here.
Let me just kind of give you,
so what are they talking about?
So huh.
Are you in talks like you're
not talking to a bank are you?
>> Yes.
I just I was having
some financial issues
and just refinanced.
>> OK.
Something where I felt
like there they are.
But it's weird, because
your brother, what's
confusing me is your brother's
talking about a situation
with your house.
>> Yes.
>> But then he's talking about
a situation with his house.
>> Yes.
That's in Arizona.
>> And it's like
two separate houses.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah.
I just feel when I'm connecting
with him that he tells me
that even though you can't see
it right now, because I feel
like it's very much
like, OK, I don't know,
is this ever going to work out?
He's telling me, keep the
faith, keep the faith.
Stay positive.
I feel like he's letting me
know that you're going to get
some resolution with this soon.
It may seem right now like it's
kind of like an endless circle,
you know?
Nothing's really happening.
But I feel like
there is something.
There's kind of a shift
that's going to be happening.
OK?
And I know that
they are telling me
that you're putting all
your energy towards this.
You're praying about it.
You're like, please help me.
Somebody help me.
This is bad.
>> Yep.
>> Because there was fear
about losing the house.
And I just feel like they're
really supporting you there.
I feel like this is
what they're showing
me is the big thing, the big
issue you've got to deal with.
But I see that this is OK.
I feel like right now, you're
very close to the situation,
so it feels like you're like,
how is this going to fix?
But it's like when I
tune into it intuitively,
I'm not worried about it.
I feel like it's OK.
So this has been a big
issue in your life.
>> Yes.
I just closed a
refi last Friday.
So I'm completely
debt free in that way.
>> Oh, good.
Good, good, good.
So this did just
kind of come yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
>> And sometimes you have to
take care of yourself when
others won't help you.
>> Yeah.
Because I want to say--
>> And with my God.
>> Yeah.
I want to say they're
definitely making me feel
like you've knocked on doors.
You've asked people.
>> I did.
>> It's like so--
>> Everybody ran.
>> --this is going to--
yeah.
This is going to be a
new chapter for you.
>> Yep.
>> And I want to say
also, I just heard this.
Who's doing psychology?
Is one of your kids
doing psychology?
>> Yes, our oldest daughter.
>> OK.
>> Hannah.
>> Because somebody just,
your son's talking about--
sorry-- your husband is
talking about-- this is funny.
I want to call him your son.
>> He was.
>> So your husband,
probably a past life, right?
OK, so your husband
is just telling me
how he feels like you're doing
a really good job with them.
But he's talking
about the psychology.
And he said that he's very
connected to this situation.
So that's good.
Now I'd like to bring
through, so I know
I've got another husband here.
And I know I've
got another brother
that I need to deal with.
Thank you, by the
way, very much.
Thank you.
Everybody clap for her.
I'd like to just move
on to this other person.
It's interesting,
though, because I
don't feel I'm going to
the husband or the brother
just yet.
I feel I know I've
got them here.
But I want to just see
where I'm going here.
So I don't know where this goes.
I have a lady coming through
that did pass from cancer.
And as I'm connecting
with here, I
feel she didn't
have a full life.
I want somebody that would
be more in their 30s,
or I could take their 40s.
But I'm feeling this
woman coming through.
I'm very certain that
this would be your sister.
This feels like a sister.
And as I'm connecting
with her, she's
giving me the feeling that
you were very close to her.
But I don't know.
I felt like there
could have been
maybe some issues at the end.
Hold on one second.
Her name is Kimmy or Kim.
You have this?
Sister?
>> Sister.
>> Oh, perfect.
OK.
Yes.
And you have a sister too, Kim?
>> My cousin.
It was my sister-cousin.
>> Oh, OK.
But did she have cancer?
OK.
So yeah, we probably
are with you.
Can we get the
mic to this woman?
Oh, you have it.
Thank you.
OK.
So Kim is your sister?
>> Yes.
>> OK, perfect.
And you understood the cancer?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
This area?
>> Yes.
Lung.
>> OK.
Because I'm feeling
definitely in this area.
So let's see if we can link
in, if we can get anything
that I'm trying to see
kind of why she's here.
So hold on one second.
I'm also wanting like an almost
like a Cheryl or a Sharon
or Shirley.
>> Shirley.
>> Yes.
>> That's my mother.
>> OK.
She's stepping here too.
OK?
I have both of them.
Hold on one second.
Did mom die a long
time after your sister?
>> Yes, a few years.
>> Few years.
She died after your
sister, though.
I want to talk about
this too, because I
am hearing about this,
that and dad's also passed?
>> Yes.
>> I have three different
people here coming in.
So I just kind of want to
see what's going on here.
I don't know if this is with
your sister or with you,
but do you live in
your sister's house
or do you live in
your parents' house?
>> I live in my parents' home.
>> OK.
And this is the home
you were raised in?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
I want to tell you,
by the way, I'm
supposed to reference
another passing with cancer.
So I feel like I've
got your sister.
But was there another
cancer passing?
Could that be mom?
>> Yeah.
That's mom.
>> That's mom.
Right.
And I'm also hearing
the name Fay.
>> My mom's middle name, yes.
>> OK.
So I got this whole
group of people here.
Hold on one second.
Now you must have taken care
of mom prior to her past.
>> Yes.
>> That's what she's
letting me know.
>> I did, six years.
>> You took care of her.
She's basically making me feel
like you kind of put your life
on hold to deal with her.
>> Yes.
>> There's a lot of
appreciation from her I feel.
I want to tell you as
I'm connecting here,
I feel this really
strongly that I
did feel there's, as
I'm doing the reading,
it's really more your sister
and mom at the moment that
have stepped forward.
Maybe your dad will
come back through.
But I really want
to say I'm more
with your sister and your mom.
So what I'm hearing is, OK,
this is what's coming through.
I feel your mom wants
to apologize to you.
And I'm trying to get
the message correctly,
but she what she's telling me
is that she wants to communicate
that she did her best.
>> Yes.
>> And there's things that
she looks back on now that she
feels she really didn't
handle correctly.
But at the moment, she's
telling me with the way
that things were, the way she
was raised, the situation,
she didn't know a better
way to handle things.
>> Yes.
>> But I do feel that she
wants to just say to you,
I really want you to
know that I loved you.
And I really did try my best,
even though there's things
that in the spirit world
I understand and I would
have handled them differently.
OK?
>> Yes.
Thank you.
>> And I know with her,
when I connect with her,
it's interesting, because I do
feel this closeness with her.
I do feel that you had a
close connection with her.
But I also feel like there
was this other aspect
of the other
relationship where there
was a lot of tension
and unspoken things
and things like that.
You understand?
>> Yes.
>> I want to talk about with
your mom that she is telling me
that you were put in a certain
situation where it was almost
like you couldn't
talk about things.
You couldn't express yourself
in the way you wanted.
You know what I'm saying?
>> Yes.
>> And she just wants to
validate that I feel like that,
it's again, I don't feel like
she really knew sort of like
another way is what I'm feeling.
Hold on one second.
I have another thing I
need to bring through.
Do you know Bill or no?
>> Bill, that would be an uncle.
>> OK, an uncle.
Yeah, there's a whole group
of uncles here getting drunk.
>> Yes.
That's what they would do.
They would drink.
>> So I'm like yeah, OK.
Yeah.
Because there's
almost like they're
drinking each other
under the table
is the memory I'm getting.
Like it's almost like
we're all going to get it.
So I did feel that.
I want to talk about
this too that I
feel when I connect
with your father a bit
that he's showing me a sense
of he stepped into something
towards alcoholism--
>> Yes.
He was an alcoholic.
>> --at one point.
OK.
I want to say I felt there
was a part of your childhood
where maybe he wasn't as much.
>> Yes.
>> But I definitely felt it got
worse and worse and amplified
and stuff.
>> Yes.
>> And I need to talk
about also, like I said,
with your mom, this is
what they're telling me.
And I know how the
spirit world works.
A lot of times, they
will communicate.
They may intentionally
communicate
things a little bit vague
or a little bit more open.
So what I'm hearing about
is there's very big changes
coming up around you in
the next couple years.
And you need to not be scared,
because they're telling me
that you're a little nervous.
>> Yes.
>> But they are telling
me, don't worry.
Everything's going to be fine.
You're being divinely guided.
OK?
>> Thank you.
>> It may be important for you
to maybe spend some time away
from California.
>> Yes.
>> I don't know.
I think that's important
to tell you though.
Do you live here?
>> Yes.
But I'm planning to move.
>> Oh, you're
thinking of moving.
Yeah.
Because I was
almost going to say
I feel like you may always
have a certain connection here.
But I'm getting the feeling
of maybe being out of here
would be good for you,
just a new energy.
And what I'm being told
from the spirit world
is they're bringing in
people into your life that
can help you with that, who
can support you with that.
So just know that that's
happening for you.
>> OK.
>> And they're just telling
me, it could be a year.
It could be six months.
It could be.
I don't think the timing
is that important.
But I think it's just
important to tell you
that there's some time.
And then it's like you leave
out of here type thing.
OK?
>> Right.
>> So am I right in saying
you're already gearing up?
>> Oh, yes.
>> OK.
>> You're 100%.
So that's just I feel like
what they're talking about.
I want to tell you
another thing too.
I feel very strongly about--
hold on one second.
OK.
I feel like I'm seeing
like big band or something.
>> My parents were big band.
My mom was a big band singer.
My dad was--
>> OK.
Yeah.
I'm like I feel like I'm
seeing like old music
scenes or something.
>> Yes.
>> And I want to say so
you actually had a lot
of connection with your
mom and you through music.
>> Yes.
We're both singers.
Yes.
>> Oh, and you would do
that together sometimes.
>> Yes.
>> OK.
Because I just want
to say, yeah, I just
have to tell you that when
I connect with your mom--
hold on one second.
Yeah.
She's making me feel just she's
very connected to your energy.
I want to tell you
another thing too.
Do you get the butterflies
from your sister?
>> Yes.
>> Because I'm
seeing butterflies.
>> All the time.
>> And your sister's making me
feel this is a sign that she
uses just to let you
know she's around.
>> Yeah.
I always know it's
her when I see them.
>> Yeah.
It's definitely that.
I just feel like
that's the validation.
OK.
Good, good, good.
All right, well, thank you.
>> Well, thank you so much.
>> That was nice.
So we'll just keep going here.
I wanted to let
you guys know also,
and I put it on
some of your chairs.
Oh, good.
We're doing great on time.
So I wanted to tell
you, I did put a notice
on a couple of your guys' chair.
I do have a show next week
that I'm putting together.
I want to invite
you guys all there.
There's still some tickets left.
It is sort of a one man show
about my life as a psychic.
I put a lot of
hard work into it.
I think you'll learn a lot.
I am doing readings at it too.
So a big part of it is
I actually do readings.
So you could have
a reading there.
But it's also about
my life and what
it is to have this ability
and things like that.
So I did put that, again,
it starts next Thursday.
So OK now, I want
to do the brother,
if we can link in with that.
And I want to do
the other partner
that there was another
partner that I'm getting.
And I'd like to do also there's
even there's other people here.
So let's kind of keep going.
So I know the brother
and the husband
are going to be the right
connection in a second.
Hold on a second.
So I have a lady coming
through that I'm picking up on.
I want to go indirect with
this, because I'm not sure.
I'm not really like
feeling a certain draw
in any part of the room.
So I'm just going to kind
of bring her through.
So this woman's
coming through, and I
want to say with
her, first off, she's
giving me the impression
that when she passes,
she's an elderly woman.
OK?
So I want somebody who
is I feel in their 80s.
OK?
I feel in their 80s.
This woman is coming
through to me.
She feels like a mother figure.
I want to say some of
these relationships
I was like it was very
specific who they were.
This is more like I
can tell she's an older
woman that you were close with.
I could take a mother
or a mother-in-law.
I could take a step mother.
I feel when I connect with her
that she had a lot of health
problems prior to her passing.
OK?
She's showing me terrible
problems with breathing.
She's giving me
breathing issues.
She's actually, yeah, she keeps
showing me breathing issues.
She's also showing with
me when I connect with her
that there was a big decision.
I feel like she's come through
to talk about the family
dispute.
So there's a big family dispute
with her after she passes,
not really connected
to her, but I
feel like with other
people that are
it's almost like
I feel like this
could be amongst your siblings.
But I feel like
there's a big family
dispute, which I sense is still
going on to a certain degree.
So it does feel like there
are still people not talking,
things like that.
I'm also knowing with this woman
that she's very, very, very
connected when she's
healthier, when she's younger.
But she's showing me
gardening, and specifically I'm
seeing rose gardens.
But I feel like I could be
getting other stuff too.
What did you say?
>> So, I mean, what
you're saying just-- well,
it sounds like my mom.
>> Yeah?
Do you have Richard?
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Oh, OK.
So I'm with you, dear.
Yeah, that's fine.
OK.
Yeah, all right.
So your husband that passed?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
Yeah.
I have both the people them.
>> Within 11 days of each other.
>> Oh, within 11
days of each other.
Oh, dear.
OK.
So but all that stuff that I was
saying about your mom connected
with her?
>> Yes.
>> OK, good.
So then and then Richard is
your husband then also passed?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
Now I also have Rosalyn.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Do you have?
>> That's Richard's mom.
>> That's who, honey?
>> Richard's mom.
>> OK.
Richard's mom.
Oh, your mother-in-law.
OK.
Yeah.
>> My mother-in-law.
>> Yeah.
So this is a different
person that's come through.
But there's three people here.
There's your mother-in-law.
Yeah.
I want to just tell you.
Can I just, and
it's like, I don't
want to get too, because
I feel like, well, this
is a lot of people just here.
But I actually just
have to make sure
I get all the people through.
So there's another person
that wants to be acknowledged.
I feel like I am hearing
David, David, David.
>> Well, Ros' husband was David.
>> OK.
Is he?
>> My father-in-law.
>> Yeah.
Your father-in-law.
So it's just, yeah,
it's interesting.
There's a whole big group
of people here, I guess.
I want to tell you
that it was interesting
because mom was the first
one that came through.
I want to just tell
you that, and this
is kind of a message for
everybody, but a lot of times
I hear from people
in the spirit world
that when two souls
cross over together,
there is a significance in that.
There is a meaning in that.
And it usually does mean
that the souls are together.
The souls are connected.
So just know that
even though they're
different sides of the family,
your husband and your mom,
I mean, I do feel they
are together over there.
They're coming through together.
And then this whole
group is here with them
kind of as a supportive energy.
But I got a feeling that it's
kind of this whole thing here.
I want to tell you when I'm
connecting with you also
that Richard is
communicating to me that he
thought he had more time.
So I don't know if
this is something
where it was kind of abrupt.
I almost felt like
maybe he was sick,
but it all happened
abruptly or something.
That's the feeling I'm getting.
But he's definitely
letting me know
that he would have thought that
he had a little bit more time.
And he's making me feel
like everything wrapped up
at the end very quickly.
I want to talk about
this because it's
coming through really strongly.
>> Yes.
>> Did you just have a year
anniversary with somebody?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
>> With Richard.
>> Yeah, because I'm supposed
to talk about like the one year.
And I want to tell you also
this is coming through really
strongly that your
mom is talking about
that she's very
appreciative with you
that even as she
was getting older
and she couldn't do as
much and things like that,
she keeps telling me that
you never forgot her.
>> No.
>> You'd always go and visit her
and check on her and hold her
hand and be with her.
>> Absolutely.
>> And she's very, very
thankful about that.
She's literally telling
me like, thank you
for staying connected with me.
Because I do feel I get a
tremendous sense of peace when
she goes to the spirit world.
But I feel that there's
just this feeling
a little bit of you being
there and you being around
her is really I feel was
very meaningful for her.
I also want to tell
you this too as I'm
connecting that I feel that this
is more coming from Richard.
But Richard is telling me
that since his passing,
and I know he was
talking about the year,
but he's just kind of
reminding me about this.
But he wants to tell me that
you will feel him around you.
OK?
You will feel him around you.
I feel with him he's
a very strong spirit.
And he's giving me the feeling
that he's right there kind
of by your side.
He's also telling
me, and I always
tell people with messages,
some things are so specific,
and it's like you know.
And then sometimes,
it's like they
want to talk about things
that they want to talk about.
So he just is
communicating to me
that he loved being
married to you.
He really misses the
relationship that you guys had.
And even though somebody has
gone to the spirit world,
they can still miss that
physical connection,
that physical touch.
I mean, they talk about that.
So it's not like somebody
goes to the spirit world,
and they're just
kind of over there,
and they don't care about
what we're doing here.
I mean, they do.
So they can miss
those things that they
don't have over there.
But I just want to
tell you that's what
I am hearing from him that he
misses that physical connection
of touching you, holding you.
But like I said,
I get his energy.
He's right there with you.
And I even feel like
he's talking about being
present in your house.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Yeah.
He's very, yeah, the house,
he's very present there.
So just and my
sense is that he's
doing that more to just comfort
you, to kind of let you know,
hey, I'm OK.
I'm in a good place.
I want to still be
there for you and stuff.
So I do feel like he is.
He is, it feels like, very,
very connected to you.
So that was
interesting, because I
felt I knew there was a husband
that wanted to come through.
So I think that all
matched up for you.
And we just we still
have this brother
here that didn't come through.
>> Thank you.
>> So the brother, I still
feel like I'm back there.
So that lady said she
has a brother maybe.
By the way, where's
the notebook?
Can we pass the
notebook this way?
So just to kind of
explain to you guys,
there's a notebook there.
And it's got just put your
email address into it.
And what I'm going
to do is I'm going
to send you a meditation
that's in my voice.
And you can actually use it
to connect with your own loved
ones.
It's about 15 minutes.
People seem to really have
good experiences with it.
So I'm also going to pick one
person who writes their email
address down to get a session
with me, so a free session.
So I'll just email
whoever that is.
So OK, so just make sure that
keeps going around to people.
If you haven't signed up,
make sure you sign up.
OK.
And then remember, 1:30, I'm
going to do my book signing.
OK, let's keep going
here with the brother.
So the brother, but let me just
see if I'm ready to go there.
Hold on.
I just got to see if I
can get this real quick.
There's another
person that wants to.
I don't know if I'm
over here maybe,
but I'm hearing the name Paul.
I know I'm hearing
the name Paul.
Paul.
I don't know specifically.
This has nothing to
do with the brother.
But I've got a Paul
coming through.
And I feel when I'm connecting
with this person also
it feels like somebody's
dad, maybe a father.
OK, could you take this?
And then this lady
is raising her hand.
But this is Paul passed.
You have a living father Paul?
Oh, he's not Paul.
OK.
And you have Paul
who's your dad?
>> Correct.
>> OK.
Well, I guess you'll
either have this
or you won't and then
we'll know if it's you.
Do you have a sister
that you found out about?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
So this is for you then.
Is that connected to Paul or is
that connected to your mother?
>> I have three sisters that I
found out about because I did
it 23andMe test.
>> Oh, OK.
So because your father's
bringing this up.
So are these his children?
>> No.
>> Oh, it's connected
to your mom.
>> Paul is the man that
adopted me, but raised me.
>> Oh, OK.
So you found out about family
from your biological family?
>> Last year.
>> Oh, OK.
But Paul is your adoptive
dad, but he's like your dad.
>> He's my dad.
>> Yeah, he's your dad.
So that's interesting.
I feel that he is
bringing that up.
And my sense that
he's bringing that up
is that people have
an interesting way
of the things that
come through, how
they want to talk about things.
I know when I connect
with you energetically
that your father, he very
much divinely guides you.
I feel like he's with you a lot.
So my sense is he may
have actually helped
that all to happen
and orchestrate that,
or he may have kind
of brought, you know,
I just have to say
I do feel that.
Hold on one second.
I just feel very, very close
connection with him and you.
I feel like it's
almost like some of it
almost feels in a way almost
like a spiritual connection
almost.
You know what I'm saying?
>> Yes.
>> It feels like beyond
words, so to speak.
Do you understand?
>> Yes.
>> Did he leave a
family business?
>> Yes.
>> I thought so, yeah, because
I felt like he's talking about
a business that he left down.
Hold on one second.
Now I just got a really
strong thing about this,
and I don't know if this is with
him or with something else I'm
picking up on, but I got
a strong image of somebody
in a wheelchair.
>> That was my dad.
>> OK.
Yeah, he was in a wheelchair
at the end of his life.
>> Yes.
>> But he's making me feel like
he didn't really want to be
limited by the wheelchair.
>> He wasn't.
>> And he'd go
places and do things.
And it was almost like, well,
this is what I'm going to do.
Do you understand?
>> Yes.
>> Taking trips?
>> Do you have any memories
of going to Florida with him
in the wheelchair?
>> Yes.
>> OK, because I feel like
he's showing me Florida.
Hold on one second.
I do get a sense with
your father of kind of I
definitely feel a sense
of humor with him,
kind of like a dry sense of
humor, but I do feel that.
Do you understand that?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
He's almost making me feel
like kind of sarcastic.
>> Very sarcastic.
>> Yeah.
That's how he's coming through.
I want to tell you also,
he's communicating to me
that he is very aware
of your spiritual life.
And he's telling me that he
takes a great interest in it.
He's making me feel like a
lot of your time and energy
and things you do
in the world is
connected to raising
your vibration
and your spirituality.
And I feel like it's a
big part of your life.
>> Yes.
>> And dad is telling
me that he sees that,
and I do want to say that.
Hold on one second.
I have another thing.
Who's the J female that keeps
coming through, mother figure?
>> June.
>> Yeah.
>> Is that mom?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
So and am I right in saying
that your father passed first?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
It's funny, because
your dad is saying,
I was kind of enjoying
my time relaxing
until your mom got here.
>> I'd believe it.
Absolutely.
>> OK.
Yeah.
Because I want to tell
you this feels to me
that this person, this lady,
she's not an easy person.
>> Not at all.
>> Yeah.
And your father's making
me feel like all of this
is stuff that he had to
kind of deal with that too.
He had to deal with
that side of her.
I feel your
relationships are it's
like they're totally different.
You're much closer to
your father I feel.
>> Yes.
>> I feel like your mom, I
almost get the sense with her
like she always had to be right.
>> Yes.
>> Very stubborn.
>> She was a
principal of a school.
She knew it all.
>> Yeah.
And I just kind of feel that.
Like it's almost like
she's got to be right.
She's got to be stubborn.
>> Yep.
>> And she keeps
telling me also,
especially at the
end of her life,
that you were trying to
make things easy for her.
>> Yeah.
>> And she was like
going against you almost.
You know what I'm saying?
>> She never listened.
>> What did you say, honey?
>> She didn't listen.
Yeah.
No.
That's what I was feeling.
She wanted to kind of do
her own thing and stuff.
I just want to bring
this through to you
that she sees that now.
I want to say she does see that.
And she sees how
she was difficult.
She sees how there
was negativity.
She sees how she
contributed to that.
And basically, she wants
me to tell you that.
By the way, I want to just tell
you your dad is telling me,
I don't know what
this means to you,
but your father's telling me
that he's helping your son.
>> I understand that.
>> Yeah.
He just told me to tell
you that, that you'd
understand what he's saying.
>> Yes.
>> So he said, to tell my
daughter I'm helping her son,
and everything's fine.
And I'm helping her.
I'm helping her
through by helping him.
And your mom, I don't know.
She's not really
helping anybody.
She's just kind of hanging out.
But I just feel like
she's expressing to me,
though, like I said,
just that, and people
talk about this a lot when
they go to the other side
that they have a life review.
And they review.
We all will have
that at some point
where we actually have
to review birth to death.
And we have to see some
of the things that we did.
And I feel like in
this woman's thing,
I feel a lot of
fear in her energy.
I feel a lot of, again,
and that's not to say,
because I don't
feel this, it's not
to say she's in a bad place,
or she's in a dark place,
or there's anything like that.
But of course, when you
go to the other side,
you do have to deal with
those different things
in your vibration.
So the better thing
is when you're here,
because ultimately, you
have to deal with it anyway,
so it's better if,
what I've been told
is deal with these things here.
Try to be the best
person that you can here.
Try to be authentic.
Try to be honest.
Try to be forthcoming.
Try to be kindness,
compassion others.
Because that way, when
you go to the other side,
you get to experience those
things rather than the friction
that this woman created
and sort of the negativity.
Because it helps
her soul to learn.
Because I feel that
she was this stuff,
but she didn't really
kind of get it.
Do you know Russell?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
I don't know why that.
>> It was mom's
boyfriend after dad died.
>> Oh, OK.
Was he a negative?
>> He was a pig.
>> OK.
Can I just ask you something
that's coming through to me?
And I'm just trying
to understand this.
But your dad is just
telling me this.
So you could take the
message about your son.
That made sense to you.
>> Yes.
>> And there's two other
things that I want to say.
Would I see military
stuff with your daddy?
>> No.
Oh, yes.
My biological father,
yes, was a police officer.
>> Oh, OK.
So that's connected
to this other family.
>> Yes, my bio family.
>> Why do I feel like there's
one sister you've gotten closer
to of the ones that you found?
>> Because you would
be correct with that.
>> OK.
Yeah.
Because I feel like
they're showing me this.
Like I almost feel like
I went into this guy now.
>> Yes, I'm three
months older than her.
>> Oh, interesting.
>> So dad was doing my
mom and doing her mom.
>> Oh, OK.
Well, that was nice of him.
OK.
So see, why do you
need TV, right?
That's good though.
Well, I just feel
like when what I'm
connecting with
the energy of it,
this is really
good actually, when
I'm connecting with
the energy with it,
it feels very it's almost
like I want to say I feel just
by you reaching out and
finding these people,
even if you don't become
best, best friends,
it's like there's a healing
that's happened to the family.
>> Absolutely, yes.
>> And so they're really
honoring you for that
because they're saying like,
it's just this trickle down
effect of a tremendous
amount of healing.
So OK?
So thank you very much.
And thank you for OK.
>> Thank you.
>> So I wanted to see if
we can with the brother,
because that feels like
it keeps coming through.
And then I'll see if
I can get through one,
a couple of other people
if there's another.
So let's just see what
else we feel here.
Hold on.
Where is that woman?
Where are you that I
was just talking to?
Oh, OK.
Because for some reason,
they're using you as a place,
so I feel like I'm
still in this area.
Hmm, this is sort
of a little weird.
I don't know if I'm going to
get a lot with this person.
This man is coming through,
and he feels very confused
what's going on here.
He doesn't really know what.
I think this is like, yeah.
He's giving me the
feeling, I want
to just be honest, because
they don't communicate
in words or sentences,
even though I'll
get thoughts and things.
So I can communicate with
people from other languages.
I wonder if maybe I'm
connecting with this person,
and it's like they maybe I don't
know if they speak English.
I'm not sure.
I do want to say
I feel like I want
to talk about a foreign
country for some reason.
That's just what I'm hearing.
And I know that I've
got a father's brother.
I know that I have
somebody's father's brother.
So it would be your
uncle coming through.
I want this person
to have passed,
they definitely passed within
the last four or five years,
I want to say.
And what I'm hearing is
this person, they were sick.
But it almost feels like,
at the end, it was like,
oh my god, this
person's like, I feel
like it could have been
one of those things
where you thought you had--
I definitely want to talk
about the foreign country,
because I want to talk about
a geographical separation.
And I also want to talk
about my brother in Atlanta
for some reason.
I have no idea why.
So I've got all these
things coming through.
But I want to say
father's brother, passed.
I want to talk about
my brother in Atlanta.
That's my other brother.
And I want to talk about a
past in a foreign country.
So let me just see here.
I'm getting the impression that
you were close to this man,
like you loved him.
I don't know.
I don't really feel
like he's somebody
that you saw all the
time, but you would
have had a connection with him.
I feel there was love between
him and stuff and you.
You have this?
>> We've got the
exact situation.
But actually, it is my father.
I don't have uncle.
But it is my father, yeah.
>> You have your father.
OK.
>> And yeah, he was in Ukraine.
>> OK.
OK.
>> Yes.
>> OK, you have this.
OK.
Let's just see here.
>> And the same things.
We didn't see each other, but--
>> Do you have the
thing with Atlanta?
>> No.
>> I don't know then.
I don't know if that
really resonate.
Hmm.
OK, so maybe, I don't know then.
Maybe we might have
to leave this person.
I don't know.
Because it feels like I
need a little bit more.
So let me just see
if I can get one more
thing with this person.
Let's just start a
little bit more basic.
Does anybody here have
a father's brother
that died in another country?
You do?
In India?
>> And mine is there too.
>> Do you have the
Atlanta thing or no?
>> No.
>> Go to her, though.
Can you just go to her?
So your father's brother
passed in the last five years?
>> Yeah.
>> And you do understand?
But you don't connect with
Atlanta for any reason?
>> No.
>> Georgia?
>> We have family friends there.
>> You have family there?
>> Yeah.
>> Same side of the family?
Is it your uncle's side?
>> No.
OK, interesting.
OK.
And your father's brother
did pass in India?
>> Yes.
>> Right.
Do you understand
something about him
saying that your dad was
thinking about going there?
>> Yes.
>> But he didn't
end up going there.
But something about he put
the phone up or somebody put
the phone up to his ear.
Would that make sense?
>> Initially, he didn't think he
would be able to make it there.
So they were on Skype.
>> Oh, I see.
>> He did end up going.
>> But then he ended up coming?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
So there was there was concern
maybe of not or something?
>> Yes.
>> Let me just work on this a
little bit more and see if this
is correct or not.
Would with your uncle when
he comes through to me
if I'm getting this
right, because I
feel like I could be with
you, but it's still not
as strong as I wanted to
be, so let me just ask you
one other thing.
Does he does know your family?
Like he would know your
siblings and things like that?
>> Yeah.
>> Who's the little boy that
he would talk about with
the letter a is that a nephew?
Do you have a nephew?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
So your nephew is an A?
>> Both my nephews are A.
>> Are As.
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
So those are like
his great nephews?
>> Yes.
>> But you're close
to them I feel.
>> Yeah.
Extremely close to them.
>> You're very
close to them, yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Can I tell you, I don't know.
I'm just going to
give you the letter.
I'm really trying to get it.
But somebody wants to
show me it's a city,
and it starts with the letter B.
And I feel like they're talking
about this where, I don't
know where your uncle lived
or something.
Did he live in a B city?
>> Not at the time
that he passed away.
>> Do you have family that
would be in a city with a B?
This is weird I'm seeing
B, and it's a city,
but it's far from here.
I think it would be over there.
>> In India?
>> Yeah.
>> Possibly.
>> OK.
>> I just I can't recall.
Now I just want to
talk about this.
For some reason, this
is coming through.
But I still feel
like I'm with you.
Some of this stuff
is kind of not,
but it feels like there is.
And can I just ask you
also, who's the letter N,
because I'm seeing this?
Is this a brother of yours?
>> Yeah, this is
my younger brother.
>> Your younger brother.
OK.
So your living
younger brother is N.
>> Yes.
>> And your uncle
would know him too?
>> Yes, absolutely.
>> OK.
Because I just feel
like, first off,
I feel like he's sending a
lot of love to these people.
Can I ask you, is there a
big family trip coming up?
>> We just came back
from a big family trip.
>> OK.
Yeah, there's something
with a big family trip.
Now who's the medical
doctor that your uncle
would talk about?
Is that him or his brother?
>> It's my father and
also my younger brother.
>> OK, but your father
is a medical doctor,
this man's brother?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
I want to say, and
I don't know, maybe
it's just like a cultural thing,
but when this guy came through,
I did feel that he was
kind of like, what is this?
>> Probably.
>> But I feel that
it's interesting,
because I sort of feel like
he's come through to you today,
but more to give a
message to his brother.
So it's like more
actually for your dad
than it actually is you.
>> OK.
Hold on one second.
Though I just want to tell
you, they are telling me
and I'm just hearing
this from the other side,
and I just am hearing
this as a message for you,
did you have your heart
broken this last year?
>> Yeah.
You had something
where you really you
felt like, oh, this
is a real positive.
And it kind of didn't
work out that way.
Is that right?
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
Because they're showing me
heartbreak, heart broken,
heart break.
What they're showing
me is that this
has happened a couple of times.
But this last one,
they're just showing me
that this it feels like, I'm
trying to be as specific,
but I'm getting the sense that
it was very strange how it all
happened.
>> Yep.
>> Do you understand?
I don't know.
It feels really
strange or something.
>> Absolutely.
And it was very threw
you off, very unexpected.
>> Yes.
>> Almost like I want to say
like I feel you in your mind
being like, is
this person crazy?
>> Yes.
>> Like it's more than
just like, oh, we broke up.
We weren't-- it's more
like somebody acting out
of character almost.
>> Yeah.
>> And they're telling me that
this was very sad for you very,
very, very much like it kind
of threw you into a depression,
I feel.
They are talking
about telling me this.
Now I don't really get all the
specifics of this right now,
but they're telling
me with this person,
that this particular person that
you had this thing with, there
is sort of like an awakening
happening with this person.
I wouldn't be surprised
if something changes.
Of course, you
have the free will
if you decide you want to
engage in that, just depends.
But I feel like I'm hearing
there might be something there.
So just keep an open mind.
I'm not getting all
the timing or date.
But they just are
saying that there
might be the potential
for that person
to have a change of
heart, or for them to say,
you know what, oh my god,
I did something wrong.
So just kind of listen for
that or be open to that.
I don't see more
than that, but I
feel like this message
is coming through.
Now I would like to see,
now I'm just curious.
It's interesting.
Because I think that--
and let me just see how
we're doing on time.
It's interesting that may
have been the brother.
It was just her dad's brother.
But I do want to,
your dad's brother
didn't have
neurobiological stuff?
>> One of his brothers
that passed away did.
>> Oh, another brother, but not
the one I was talking about?
>> No.
>> OK.
But let's just
still go back here,
because I sort of feel like
I am connected with one thing
back here.
So let's just see
if we can get that.
Otherwise, I've got
one other quick message
I can bring through.
So let's just see here.
So how do you have this, dear?
>> OK, my brother, he
had a heart attack.
Then he had
neurological problems
where he never
regained consciousness.
But he had swollen legs.
You hit everything before.
His name is Thomas.
His daughter is studying
to be a psychologist.
>> OK.
>> You hit everything.
>> That's why and financially,
it's horrible right now.
So yes, you hit everything.
>> OK.
So that could have been.
And sometimes,
there are parallels,
especially you're sitting
next to the person.
Hold on one second.
So are you connected
to his kids?
>> Yes.
OK.
Can I just ask one thing here.
Does somebody connect
with the name,
I'm not familiar with this name,
but does somebody have the name
O-R-I-T?
>> Here.
>> What is that, dear?
>> My daughter.
>> Your daughter?
But this is a living person.
OK.
I wonder why.
There's a lady coming.
Is your mom passed?
>> She's on her way.
>> OK.
It's weird.
Let's just go over here.
I know I'm picking
up on something.
It's weird because that's
such an unusual name.
Hold on one second.
So there is a lady that
I'm getting in the spirit
world that's coming through.
And there's actually two.
Hold on one second.
They're allowing me psychically
to see your daughter's energy.
She has a very beautiful
energy, I feel like.
You must be very close to her.
Are you close to her?
>> Yes.
>> They're putting
writing around her.
She's going to do writing.
Does she write?
OK.
Who's Muriel?
>> My mother.
>> OK.
This lady is coming through
to talk about her, this lady.
So I don't know if this could
be like your grandmother.
I'm not really sure
what the connection is,
but there's a lady
coming through.
She's having me
reference that name.
So it's somebody who wants
to talk about your mom.
I feel like it is just
your maternal grandmother.
That's my senses.
If we had more time,
I would sort of
try to build it up more.
But I just feel for right
now, I feel energetically this
is your grandmother.
And basically what
they've come to show
me is that this woman as
I'm connecting with here,
I feel would have
done a lot of cooking.
That's what I'm getting
from this woman.
I want to tell you
though as I'm connecting
that I feel I want to just
go back to this woman here.
So this lady's coming through.
She's giving me that name.
You know basically what
they're telling me is, now
are you involved with your mom?
Do you?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> OK.
So you're dealing with
the stuff with your mom.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Yeah.
So what I'm hearing about is,
and this is just something,
there's a lot of, I
would say, spirits
that are around her right now.
I'm also picking up on
a male energy that's
coming through connected to
her, feels like a contemporary,
like a brother or a husband.
But I want to say that
people can be in exit points.
OK?
And an exit point is just
when the soul is deciding,
do I want to pass or
do I want to stay?
Am I done here?
Now we can have
many exit points.
Sometimes, we might have 10
exit points in one lifetime.
But a lot of times,
and we can choose.
OK?
And then we go on
to the next one.
So what I'm feeling
with this one, what
I'm hearing is that your
mom, she is in an exit point.
And I feel like the
spirits are kind of they're
gathering around her.
This could go on
for several months.
They're telling me
for some reason,
and I don't really understand
fully this message,
but they're telling me to
organize everything prior.
So it's like I almost
feel like I need somebody.
It's like I don't
know, like I feel
like there's things to go
through papers to go through,
paper.
I just I'm hearing this.
I actually see like shuffling
of papers, things like that.
So just know that
that's coming through.
And I feel like
they're supporting you
as you deal with this.
I want to ask you this too.
Hold on one second.
Is there a New York connection?
People from New York?
>> Mm-hmm, my mother
and father and sister.
>> OK.
Did your grandparents
live there?
>> Yes.
>> OK, because I
am seeing New York.
This lady that's
coming through again
I'm seeing New York, New York.
But I want to say
like I was saying,
they're just telling me this
is a time of organization.
This is a time to kind
of look into things.
I feel like they just want
to bring that through to you.
So just I think it's more
just a validation for you
that sort of they know what
you're going through and just
to kind of to be there
and to kind of support you
in this little journey
that you're going through.
>> Anything from my sister?
>> Yes, we're out of time.
OK, thank you, guys.
Come to the book signing.
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]